- Executive summary
This will discuss various database models and key ethical and legal implications of information systems.
- Data, information and knowledge
1. Relation Data
The difference between data, information and knowledge is that Data transforms into information by assigning a meaning or context to a date. Furthermore, the accumulation of a data bundle or the linking of various data can also represent information. The moment the information is processed, linked and stored, whether by a machine or a human being, it becomes knowledge. The primary key in the customers and order table is often, a unique identification number, such as an ID number or a serial number or code, serves as a primary key in a table. For example, you might have a Customers table where each customer has a unique customer ID number. The customer ID field is the primary key. Customers and Orders tables are related via the CustomerId fields in both tables. the foreign key in a order table would be the "PersonID" it is used to prevent actions that would destroy links. It is important to define the data type of a field because when you ask the database to sort your result set.
2. Big Data
the four V's of data are known as Volume, Velocity, Variety, and Veracity. the types of technologies have driven the increased need for big data are System Analytics, In-memory Data Fabric, and Data integration.
- Structured Query Language 
RDBMS Stands for "Relational Database Management System." An RDBMS is a DBMS designed specifically for relational database. it relates to SQL because SQL is the language used for communicating with data in an RDBMS. The original purpose of SQL was pretty much the same as its current purpose: to provide a means of querying databases with statements more or less in “natural” English, as opposed to using complex mathematical notation. 
3. SQL injections
SQL injections are a security threat can result in confidential data being deleted, lost or stolen. A way to reduce this however is by using SQL Parameters to protect web site from SQL injection.
- Ethical and Legal Implications
4. Code of Ethics 
A code of ethics is a business document outlining professional standards expected of all company workers and representatives. Although it often addresses internal conduct, it primarily centers on what is expected of employees when engaged in customer-centric activities. they created this because it acknowledges that ethical decisions are not always easily arrived at. the difference between code of ethics and AUP is that AUP has policies that if broken will result in some consequences, COE (code of ethics) have document details different actions that are considered sade and unsafe. From what I read on Amazon's AUP the stuff that really stood out to me is that you can not sell drugs, offer fradulent goods, services, schemes, or promos. Here is the link: https://aws.amazon.com/aup/
5. Intellectual Property
The purpose of the WIPO is to promote the protection of intellectual property throughout the world through cooperation among the states and where appropriate in collaboration with any other international organization. The importantce with WIPO is administering multilateral international conventions, i.e. depositing treaties, states' instruments of accession, of conflicts settlement, ensuring treaties review, applying the registration functions for treaties reviewing the international registration of IP objects. A copyright is obtained when it is a copy of someone's work, if it was preformed publicly and who distributed the work. It is important to copyright the image I made because it can get stolen by someone and be renamed and republished by a different brand. The role of Trademark in defining the intellectual property is that it is used to protect the original work without having it be reused.
6. Information Collection
COPPA, FERPA, and HIPPA restrict the collection of information on the internet by COPPA having people to be 13 years or older to be able to get a apple id, FERPA prevents disclosure on grade or behavior to anyone other than students and parents, HIPPA Gives parents the rights to students information.
- Conclusion
It is important to keep your data/images trademarked or they will get stolen.
