- Executive summary
This is what makes Cybersecurity most effective. 
-Introduction to Networking
1. Data Transmission 
Packet is known as a unit of data, the reason of how it matches is that when a message is sent to another device, it will break down into smaller pieces. Packet Switching is known as Technology that allows packets of data to be routed based on destionation address. IP address is known as a set of rules to allow devices to communicate the reason I knew this by the fact that it is written in a 4 decimal points. DNS is known as Directory of IP address common names, I know about this is that if take amazon as a example it has the IP address that has the number 54.239.26.214 will lead to amazon.com. Protocal is known as a set of rules to allow devices to communicate. 
2. Network Hardware
the benefit of a switch over a hub is that switch can reduce any unnecessary traffic on the network. the benefit of a router over hubs and switches is that it is needed for bridging computers and periphereals on a local network to another network or the internet.
3. Network Topologies
A Single point of failure is known as a potential risk posed by a flaw in the design, implementation or configuration of a circuit or system in which one fault or malfunction causes an entire system to stop operating. the topology that experienced this issue is hub. Infrastructure topology and Wireless mesh can be compared to each other for the reason that Wireless mass provides stability when combined with the rest of the network topolgies rather than node addition or deletion. With Infrastructure mesh network, the data forwarding and receiving are via gateway, whereas in the rest of the network, it is through pair of nodes. Infrastructure topology would be better because the wifi can be faster without getting complicated at all.
4. Network Design
My design was a spin on the modern home internet router through the use of a router. 
-Cybersecurity and Encryption
5. Information Systems Security
With availablity it can be useful to set different timeframes for when a package gets delivered at. Integrity can be used for when there is a corrupt file in Amazon's main file storage. Confidentiality can be used to protect Amazon's users from getting their accounts hacked by using a security function that'll keep hackers from getting into their accounts. The three daily tasks that require authentication are something they know, something they have, and something they are. these can be used to convert to multi-factor authentication by doing what they know for a users ID and Password and add a extra layer of protection. with something they have if they have a phone they can use a QR code to scan something they can get in with, if they have a computer they can use a email to get a code to put in. with something they are the companies uses a verification thing to check if it is a actually person and not a robot. ACL is known as Access control list and RCBL is known as role-based access control. ACL can be used to read, delete, write, or add. A disadvantage of acl is that hackers can easily hack into ACL's which can steal so much information. A advantage of RCBL is that it can provide protection against worms, viruses, spyware and other unwanted programs. A disadvantage of RCBL is that the rules of the firewall are difficult to configure. the interaction with ciphertext is that it uses plaintext that is unreadable by the humaneye. the interaction with a public key is that it is used to decode files. The interaction with a private key is used to decrypt something sent with the public key. we need public key cryptography because if you wanna get something through to another person then it has to have something private be in the way from someone else getting in. 
6. Crytograph
When I ecrypted "hi there guys" what I got was a encrypted message saying "op aolyl nbfz" I know this because "h=o, i=p, t=a, e=l, r=y, g=n, u=b, y=f, s=z". with the result from the Frequency fingerprint test the letter "e" was mostly used in my sentence. I think if used in a different langauge it might be a different result for "e" to be lower. polyalphabetic cipher is any cipher based on substitution, using multiple substitution alphabets. once again after using the polyalphabetic cipher "e" was mostly used. 
7. Brute-Force
Brute-Force is relying on or achieved through the application of force, effort, or power in usually large amounts instead of more efficient, carefully planned, or precisely directed methods. it is related to Kerckhoff's principle because they are both are more effective than Caeser cipher to encrypt secret information. 
