-Excutive Summary 
This is what makes software important and how each type of software works.
1. Software
The roles of application, utility and operating software is that application software is used as a category of programs that will do something useful for the user, an example of this would be Microsoft's suite of products which are Office, Word, Excel, Powerpoint and so on. Utility Software has software that will allow you to fix or modify the computer in some way, an example of utility software includes Backup software, Disk cleaners, Disk repair, and System Profiles. Operating software manages the hardware and create interface between the hardware and the user, examples of operating software is Microsoft windows, Apple's macOS, Chrome OS, BlackBerry Tablet OS, and Linux. The purpose of ERP is that it was developed to bring together an entire organization in one software application, an example of ERP is Microsoft, Sage, Focus, RAMCO and many others. The purpose of virtualization is that it relies on software to stimulate hardware functionality and create a virtual computer system.
2. Virtualization 
The types of problems that Virtualization can solve are that companies could partition their servers and run legacy apps on multiple operating system types and versions. Servers started being more efficiently, thereby reducing the costs associated with purchase, set-up, cooling, maintenace. The role that hypervisor plays in virtualization is that it can separate the physical resources from the virtual enviornments - the things that need those resources. the difference between cloud and virtualization is that the cloud can be used to save personal data where as virtualization can just be used to rely on software to stimulate hard ware functionality. a network admin could move from virtualization to cloud computing is that you can create a cloud by pooling virutal resources together, orchestrating them using management and automation software, and creating a self-service portal for users.
3. Python
pseudo-code nature of Python is meant by allowing you to concentrate on the solution to the problem rather than the language itself. an Interpreted language means that the source code is not translated by the target machine, with compiled language the target machine directly translates the program.
- Career Exploration
5. College Central 
My findings about this site is that it contains many interesting information about what jobs there is, where it is located at, and what it requires to get in the area of the job. From what I reviewed from the craft and fine arts is that they do is that they make art with a wide variety of materials. the work enviornment is fine- or commercial-art studios located in warehouses, office buildings, or lofts. To get in to the class it requires a Bachelor's degree. 
6. Certification 
From what I found out from cisco is that their approach is by serving up cutting edge content, convevient access, customized options and continuous learning. they also are enhacing their portfolio with retooling their training and certification program on the latest tech. Their aim is to empower others with the flexibility to invert and reinvert them, earn recognintion, fuel innovation and unlock potential to make a difference in the world.
7. Certificates
From what I have discovered is that the short term certificate in Web Application development, Students will be able to explore current technologies to analize, design, develop, implement and test database driven Web Applications. The skills accquired will prepare students for jobs as Web Application, PHP, ASP.NET and web 2.0 developers. The Certificate is stackable with the Programming and Development degree.
8. Co-ops/interships
What I need to do to become co-op ready is that I have to upload my resume for final revisions and approval by a Career Coach at College Central Network, work with an Employer Relations Specialist to apply and interview with the approved co-op placements, and then sign a "Cooperative Education Agreement" form and register for college credit. The benefits of intership is that it is an experience referring to a partnership between students, institutions of higher education, and employers that integrates academic study with work experience.
9. Industry Associations/Student Organizations
The purpose of IEEE is to inspire a global community to innovate for a better tomorrow through its more than 423,000 members in over 160 countries, and its highly cited publications, confernces, technology standards, and professional and educational activities. membership would be beneficial because people believe in the cause it stands for and depend on you to advocate for their beliefs and rights. 
