- Executive Summary
In this lab it will be discussing about file compression and OOP.
- File Compression
The purpose of file compression is that it can be used to compress files into zip files, it is used to reduce the file's size of one or more files. The difference is that with a SVG file it is more crisp and clean while the jpg file is much more faster but not as crisp and clean because if a SVG takes up way too much data then it would be better to use it in the jpg file since it would be less data.
- Object Oriented Concepts
an example of class and object in a fast food place is that if you compare a group of people as a class and the food they ordered is a set of objects. Class is known as shark, a object is known as swim (self), Encapsulation is known as a type of shark, Abstraction is known as Sally, and Inheritance is known as the definition of a shark. I matched these terms because if you think about it, the ideas of sharks and coding can go good together if it invovles Objects, and a class. 
- Python OOP
The methods of the shark class is that the Shark has a special kind of function that is defined within the class. With the property of the shark class is the object of the class. The purpose of a constructor is that he is there to initialize data, it runs as soon as an object of a class instantiated. A class is a blueprint from which you can create the instance, i.e., objects. An object is the instance of the class, which helps programmers to use variables and methods from inside the class. A class is used to bind data as well as methods together as a single unit. Object acts like a variable of the class. what it means to instantiate an object from a class is that To instantiate is to create an instance of an object in an object-oriented programming language. An instantiated object is given a name and created in memory or on disk using the structure described within a class declaration.
